[LangRef] Specify that syncscopes can affect the monotonic modification order (#189017)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/LangRef.rst

.. _syncscope:

If an atomic operation is marked ``syncscope("singlethread")``, it only
*synchronizes with* other operations running in the same thread (for
example, in signal handlers) and the constraints on its position
relative to other operations in the seq\_cst order and the monotonic

> modification order only apply to operations in the same thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, in signal handlers) and it is related
in the seq\_cst order and the monotonic
modification order with other operations in the same thread.
```

If an atomic operation is marked ``syncscope("<target-scope>")``, where
``<target-scope>`` is a target-specific synchronization scope, then it
is target-dependent if it *synchronizes with* other operations and
relative to which operations the constraints on its position in the

> seq\_cst order and the monotonic modification order apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is target-dependent if it *synchronizes with* other operations and
if it is related with other operations in the
seq\_cst order and the monotonic modification order.
```

Otherwise, an atomic operation that is not marked
``syncscope("singlethread")`` or ``syncscope("<target-scope>")`` at
least *synchronizes with* and is ordered in the seq\_cst order and the
monotonic modification order relative to other operations that are not

> marked ``syncscope("singlethread")`` or ``syncscope("<target-scope>")``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``syncscope("singlethread")`` or ``syncscope("<target-scope>")`` 
*synchronizes with* and is related in the seq\_cst order and the
monotonic modification order with other operations that are not
marked ``syncscope("singlethread")`` or ``syncscope("<target-scope>")``.
```

The use of "at least" is jarring ... the general style is additive (or sufficient): "if constraint satisfied then related" which implicitly allows other constraints to create more relations. Then if a constraint is necessary, that sentence will strategically put an "only" or "only if" somewhere.
